Add theming section (#48)
contember/docs: docs/admin/theming/pallettes.mdx

---
title: Theme palettes
---

import { Spacer } from '@contember/ui'
import {
  COLORS_COUNT,
  Scale,
  THEMES_LIST,
  Var,
  WEIGHT_MAXIMUM,
  WEIGHT_MINIMUM,
  WEIGHT_STEP,
  Generator,
} from "../../../src/theming"

<p>
  Each color scale consists of <strong>{COLORS_COUNT}</strong> color weights,
  starting from <strong>{WEIGHT_MINIMUM}</strong> (black)
  to weight <strong>{WEIGHT_MAXIMUM}</strong> (white) with step increment of <strong>{WEIGHT_STEP}</strong>.
</p>

> You can edit and modify each of the color palettes below and override the shipped palletes by appending the generated CSS properties after the import of the `@contember/admin` styles in your admin styles file, e.g. `src/admin/index.sass`. Only the colors that differ from original colors are generated for overrides.
> 

Reviewer: This should be more descriptive.

```suggestion
### Using custom palettes in Contember admin
You can add generated CSS custom properties in your project in simple 3 steps.

1. Use pallet generator below to get CSS custom properties.
2. Create `custom-theme.css` in `admin` folder your project and insert generated CSS custom properties.
3. Import `custom-theme.css` file in `/admin/index.tsx`. You need to import this file under `import '@contember/admin/style.css'`.
```

The generated palletes provide sufficient contrasts for both dark and light themes according to the [upcoming APCA standard](https://www.w3.org/WAI/GL/task-forces/silver/wiki/Visual_Contrast_of_Text_Subgroup#WCAG_2.x_to_Silver.2FAPCA_Comparison_Table).

> Unlink the color inputs for the highlights, middles and the shadows to achieve expected color tones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can change highlights, middles and the shadows by unlinking the color inputs. This will help you achieve expected color tones.
```
